docs: add verawood rbac docs (#1497)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/educators/how-tos/set_up_course/add_course_team_members.rst

To remove an assigned role, view the list of users and then select **Revoke
access**.

.. note::
    For installations using the Roles and Permissions console: course team
    management is available from :guilabel:`Settings` > :guilabel:`Roles and
    Permissions` in Studio. See :ref:`Manage Course Authoring Roles` for the
    Course Admin and Course Staff roles available there.

    The Roles and Permissions console (called the Administrative Console in

>     earlier releases) is not enabled by default. See the operator release
>     notes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    earlier releases) is not enabled by default and must be enabled by your site administrator. See:
```

+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+
| 03/07/2025   | Leira (Curricu.me)            | Sumac          | Fail (https://github.com/openedx/docs.openedx.org/issues/881) |
+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+---------------------------------------------------------------+

> | [DATE]       | [REVIEWER]                    | Verawood       | [PASS/FAIL]                                                   |

Reviewer: Please fill this out, and put the newest row _as the first row_
